And now, what we need to do is,
we need to actually tell our Redux store about this data.
Well, right now, we don't have any actions
that handle adding multiple todos as well as multiple goals.
If you remember back to our action creators up here,
we have an ADD_GOAL item,
we also have an addTodoAction, action creator.
So, I guess what we could do is, we could loop
over all of our goals and all of our actions.
But then we will be dispatching a lot of actions.
So, what we'll do instead is,
what if we made a brand new action creator.
Lets call it receiveDataAction.
So, this is going to take in the todos,
as well as the goals,
and the action itself is going to be of type RECEIVE_DATA,
which will have to build here in a second,
and then we will just parse along the todos as well as the goals.
Let's make sure we spell RECEIVE_DATA right.
And then now, we will add a brand new constant up here, called RECEIVE_DATA.
And now the question is, how do we want to change the state of
our store based on the specific action?
Well, in regards to our todos portion of our state,
what we want to do is,
whenever the RECEIVE_DATA action is dispatched,
we want to come in here and just return action.todos because at this point,
the todos array is just going to be an empty array.
And instead of an empty array,
we want to just return action.todos,
which will be kind of the default todos for our application.
And we want to do something similar with our goals.
So when RECEIVE_DATA is dispatched,
we just want to return action.goals.
So this really shows how you can have a single action type,
which is affecting multiple parts of your store.
Because what's happening here is,
when RECEIVE_DATA is dispatched,
not only are we updating the todos portion of our state,
but we are also updating the goals portion of our state.
And so now what we need to do is back down inside of our App component here.
Instead of just logging these,
what we want to do is call store,
which we're getting right here from props.dispatch,
and what we want to dispatch is
the brand new RECEIVE_DATA action creator that we made
parsing it through todos as well as the goals.
So now what should happen if we hit refresh here?
You'll notice for about two seconds,
we don't have anything,
and then once the data loads,
we get all of our initial Todo List here,
as well as our initial Goals.